Update how-can-i-fix-browser-was-not-found.md (#1608)
zaproxy/zaproxy-website: site/content/faq/how-can-i-fix-browser-was-not-found.md

But what can you do if ZAP fails to launch your browser?

> ### Check for Updates 

Reviewer: This should be reverted.

> In Zap: 

Reviewer: `ZAP`

> - The first thing to do is to 'Check for Updates' in Zap and install any add-ons which are out of date, 

Reviewer: Same here.

in particular, the webdriver and [Selenium](/docs/desktop/addons/selenium/) ones.

In your local browser:
- Browsers are updated very frequently, and the updates often require corresponding changes to the webdrivers.

> If you dont have the right webdrivers then ZAP will not be able to launch the browsers. **Zap ties to your local browser**, so even though it launches its own instance of web browsers, check you have the latest version installed locally.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don’t have the right webdrivers then ZAP will not be able to launch the browsers. **ZAP ties to your local browser**, so even though it launches its own instance of web browsers, check you have the latest version installed locally.
```
